wh
me
ni
mar
Yes, let's introduce today's shooting equipment
All that day will be Big Raw Equipment today
First of all, Kyoto is vid 70s
Moss is a 70 mm telescope and perhaps the smallest among Bixen's currently sold telescopes
I think apochromatic lens barrel
Well, even if you put in a pro-mart , maybe it's probably the best except for the 50 360 telescopes for beginners.
I think that one small Nja no
Older people are not guide mirrors
It looks very large but this is the finder
It is 7 times 50mm finder
This is
A lively baby race day to the flip mirror I got
10mm above
Nu npl of
Now with an eyepiece that doubles the barrow and 10mm to 400mm telescope
So you can observe it at 80 times
A low magnification process as introduced here
I am wearing a 26mm eyepiece
This eyepiece may be very nostalgic
Today's shooting camera I bought at the time of my child
Actually it is a smartphone
I'm thinking of pushing the lens of the smartphone to the berth line like this and shooting
I will
Perhaps
But I think that one is not fished pattern
I think I'm going to fish four large wooden satellites
I do not understand this unless I go for a while and the task is always with me
sxd 2 will be equatorial
It now in Vixen equipment all Well it is today in the So
I do not have separately to the baptism of Ms. Vixen but Well this 4 to that or feel free to shoot
I want to do
That's home first
I would like to see the planet with my eyes and then shoot with my smartphone
eb 70 ss is Miyaji
The scene is only 70 mm with a very small telescope
I'm very cheery and I can see clearly
Of course there are those two lines
Some of the muscle
Well, I wonder if I say there is also Well of like a yo also something with another person that
Achromatic confluence busty not sharp
Yes I think that I want to shoot with this smartphone
Yes, it's just past 10:20 but now Jupiter is just an adult
I just turned up the telescope and it just disappeared
I 'm going to go once because the inversion of the telescope will move if you make a big one here
I will go
me
Pre- cat impression is not changed
none
me
uh
ni
re product
wh
ni
me
Ah ah ah ah